Finn Edwards

From Arkham Horror Wiki
Finn Edwards is an investigator. He first appeared in the Innsmouth Horror expansion.

Finn Edwards investigator sheet back.
Finn Edwards investigator sheet front.
Sheet info

Occupation: the Bootlegger

Home: Bank of Arkham

Unique Ability: Slippery - Mythos: When moon monsters move, Finn may choose to move as a normal moon monster. He does not need to make any Evade checks when doing so.

Holdout - Any Phase: Finn never has to discard items or lose money, even when he is knocked unconscious or driven insane. He must still pay costs as usual.

Status
Sanity: 4
Stamina: 6
Fixed Possessions
$8
1 Common Item (Whiskey)
1 Special (Bank Loan)
Random Possessions
2 Common Items
2 Unique Items
2 Skills
Focus: 1

Skills
Speed	3	4	5	6
Sneak	5	4	3	2
Fight	0	1	2	3
Will	3	2	1	0
Lore	1	2	3	4
Luck	4	3	2	1
Personal Story

PsFinnEdwardsBack.png PsFinnEdwardsFront.png PsFinnEdwardsPassed.png PsFinnEdwardsFailed.png


The Story So Far: Prohibition was the best thing that ever happened to Finn Edwards. Until they banned alcohol, he was just drifting through life, doing odd jobs here and there. But afterwards, the demand for alcohol rose to such a fever pitch that he was able to make a comfortable living evading the law and giving people what they wanted. His new lifestyle particularly suited his personality, providing him with a taste of danger, plenty of cash, and a great deal of personal satisfaction.

Of course, those things are all well and good until you find yourself running through the woods at night trying to lose a bunch of knife-wielding maniacs who want to sacrifice you to their dark gods.

Although Finn has never been a vengeful man, that incident left him rattled in ways he hadn't been since getting beaten up on the playground years ago.

Stepping out of the bank with enough borrowed cash for guns and supplies, Finn vows that those lunatics will regret the day they ever crossed him.

Clarification

Finn already has taken out the Bank Loan and has $8 left. Do not start the game with more than $8.

Retrieved from "http://www.arkhamhorrorwiki.com/wiki/index.php?title=Finn_Edwards&oldid=9668"
Categories: Innsmouth HorrorInvestigators
This page was last modified on 25 June 2010, at 21:36.
Content is available under Attribution-Noncommercial 3.0 Unported unless otherwise noted.