Hank Samson

From Arkham Horror Wiki
Hank Samson is an investigator. He first appeared in the Innsmouth Horror expansion.

Hank Samson investigator sheet back.
Hank Samson investigator sheet front.
Sheet info

Occupation: the Farmhand

Home: General Store

Unique Ability: Thick-skulled - Any Phase: Hank does not make a Horror check when he first encounters a monster. Instead, he only makes a Horror check if he first fails a Combat or Evade check against a monster.

Status
Sanity: 5
Stamina: 6
Fixed Possessions
$3
1 Clue token
1 Common item (Food)
Random Possessions
2 Common items
1 Unique item
1 Skill
Focus: 2

Skills
Speed	2	3	4	5
Sneak	4	3	2	1
Fight	2	3	4	5
Will	3	2	1	0
Lore	0	1	2	3
Luck	4	3	2	1
Personal Story

PsHankSamsonBack.png PsHankSamsonFront.png PsHankSamsonPassed.png PsHankSamsonFailed.png


The Story So Far: As he was growing up on his parents' farm, it soon became obvious that Hank was more of a doer than a thinker. He wasn't stupid, exactly, he just didn't spend a lot of time thinking things through before he did them. A lot of the time, this tended to get him in trouble.

Then again, sometimes it came in handy, like it had in the last month when he heard the cows panicking. Picking up his shotgun, Hank rushed outside, only to see some kind of giant buzzard thing attacking the cattle. Now, some might have questioned their own sanity at the sight while others might have fainted away in sheer horror. But Hank, he just took aim and blew the darn thing's head off. It only occurred to him later to wonder just what it had been.

When Pa saw the corpse, he told Hank that they were going to take it to a Professor he knew at Miskatonic University. So, they crated it up, drove to the nearest train station, and hopped a train to Arkham.

Only, things haven't gone so well since then. First, the crate vanished off the train, and then Pa went missing when he went to complain about the missing crate.

As Hank grows tired of waiting at the General Store where his Pa told him to meet up if they got separated, he wonders if he might not have to start doing a little thinking after all.

Retrieved from "http://www.arkhamhorrorwiki.com/wiki/index.php?title=Hank_Samson&oldid=9670"
Categories: Innsmouth HorrorInvestigators
This page was last modified on 25 June 2010, at 21:51.
Content is available under Attribution-Noncommercial 3.0 Unported unless otherwise noted.