RDOCKS
A horrific stench draws your attention to
the body of some bizarre marine creature,
rotting on the edge of the docks. As you
move towards it, an uneasy feeling grows
in the pit of your stomach, as though you
are meddling with something best left alone.
Make a Will (-1) check. if you pass, lose
1 Sanity. If you fail, lose 2 Sanity. In either
event, if you are not reduced to O Sanity,
you find something clutched in its webbed
hands. Draw 1 Unique Item.

RDOCKS
Walking along the dock you see something
floating in the Water near the edge of the
dock. You reach for it - make a Luck (-1)
check. If you pass, you dredge up
something useful. Draw 1 Common Item.
If you fail, you pull to the surface a tentacle
that immediately wraps around your neck
and drags you under the water and out to
sea. Lose l Sanity and 3 Stamina before
you can break free.

RDOCKS
You open some crates on the dock. Inside
you Find some useful things. Draw 2
Common Items. Next, make a Luck (-1)
check. If you pass, you get away without
being seen. If you fail, you are arrested
and taken to the Police Station.

RDOCKS
As you look out across the waves, you feel
strangely compelled to throw yourself into
the ocean,s watery embrace. Pass a Will
(+1) check or you are lost in time and space.

RDOCKS
You notice a piece of wood floating in the
water; carved into it is the name of a ship
long since sunk. As you touch it, visions
of the drowning passengers last moments
of life flood through your mind. Pass a
Speed (-1) check to hurl it away from you.
If you fail, you fall to the ground with a
cry. Lose l Sanity.

RDOCKS
The dock workers are short-handed and
offer you a job as a stevedore for the day.
Make a Fight (+0) check. If you pass, gain
$3 for every success you rolled. If you fail,
the boss gets tired of your lollygagging
and throws you out. Lose 1 Stamina and
move to the street.

RDOCKS
You bump into Abner Weems, the local
drunk. You help him find a place to sleep
for the night, and he mumbles something
to you over and over. Make a Luck (-1)
check. If you pass, his mumblings is a
magical chant. Draw l Spell. if you fail,
it,s gibberish. Nothing happens.
