Wizard's Hill 
A dry, whispering voice makes promises of power to you from underneath the hill. Do you accept its offer? If so draw 3 Spell, discarding one of them. During the next Mythos Phase, an extra card is drawn and takes effect. If not you are punished for your audacity. Lose 2 Sanity. 
A dark man chuckles as you approach, He gestures at you and vanishes. A gate and a monster appear!
A professor from Miskatonic University is here making rubbings from the standing stones. He introduces himself as Professor Rice and asks for your help. If you agree to help him, add 1 doom token to the doom track and take his Ally card if available. If it is not available gain $5 and 2 Unique Items. If you refuse to help him, nothing happens.
You have disturbed something that should here been left alone. Pass a Luck (-1) check or add 1 Dunwich Horror token to the board.
A dark man awaits you near the stone table atop the hill. "I like you. Let me help you out." If you refuse, he shaes his head sadly, "Maybe next time, then." If you accept, gain $5 and 5 Clue tokens. The price for this may be greater than you think, however. Remember that you have made a deal with the Dark Man of Wizard''s Hill.
You see an interesting object perched precariously on the edge of a steep incline. You may pass a Luck (-1) check to grab it without falling. Draw 1 Unique Item. If you attempt and fail, draw 1 Injury card.
A dark man chuckles as you approach. He gestures at you and vanishes. A gate and a monster appear!
A professor from Miskatonic University is here making rubbings from the standing stones. He introduces himself as Professor Rice and asks for your help. If you agree to help him, add 1 doom token to the doom track and take his Ally card if available. If it is not available, gain $5 and 2 Unique Items. If you refuse to help him, nothing happens.
As you begin to ascend the hill your sense of balance deserts you. The ground beneath you  seems to rock back and forth like the bow of a ship. Falling on your back, you look up to see that the sky is spinning, and enormous shadowy forms are blocking out many of the stars. Stay here next turn and lose 1 Sanity.
A sly, reptilian voice speaks to you in the night, offering you your hearts desire. Do you accept its offer? If so, remove one elder token from the board. If there are no elder sign tokens on the board, place 2 doom tokens on the doom track. Then search the Skill and Ally decks for a card of your choice from each and take them. If you refuse the voice''s offer, it attempts to destroy you utterly. Pass a Will (-1) check or be devoured.
You have disturbed something that should have been left alone. Pass a Luck (-1) check or add 1 Dunwich Horror token to the board.
As you watch in horror, a fallen stone that has recently been pushedover slowly stands up by itself, seettling back into its original position. Nervously, you move to the street.
You slowly make your way up the hill, being careful of your footing on the uneven ground. Each time you look up, the pillar of stone at the hill''s summit appears to have shifted slightly, and once you think you catch a glimpse of a dark man. As you reach the summit, you feel a cold ancient sentiencestudying you. Pass a Luck (-2) check to gain its approval and draw 1 Spell. If you fail, you pass out and must stay here next turn.
A throaty, feminine voice offers you riches untold from underneath the hill. Do you accept its offer? If so, raise the terror level by 1 and gain $8. If not, you are wracked by pain. Lose 2 Stamina.