SBUILDING
As you enter the Department of Alchemy,
a professor looks up in horror. He grabs
an ancient artifact from a locked drawer
in his desk and holds it up before your
face, chanting and making symbolic
motions with the item. If you are Cursed,
discard the Curse. If you are not Cursed,
then you are Blessed.

SBUILDING
Assisting a professor in his research, you
find a valuable Spell. Draw 1 Spell.
However, you must pass a Fight (-1) check
or some sticky-fingered student steals one
of your items. Lose l item of your choice.

SBUILDING
You find a muscular, bored-looking man
who challenges you to an arm wrestling
match. Lose 2 Stamina if you accept. If
this does not knock you unconscious, Sir
William Brinton laughs and slaps your
shoulder, offering to join your investigation.
Take his Ally card. If it is not available,
gain $5 instead.

SBUILDING
A chemical brew bubbles on a nearby
Bunsen burner. It smells delicious. If you
drink it, make a Luck (+0) check. If you
pass, the strange liquid fortiiies you. Roll
a die and gain that many points, split
between your Stamina and Sanity however
you like. If you fail, the liquid turns out to
be coffee. Gain 1 Stamina.

SBUILDING
An archaeology professor shows you an item
he recovered in an Egyptian pyramid. If you
have 2 or fewer Spells, it glows in your hands
and you find yourself outside, still holding
it. Not wanting to confront the professor
again, you decide to keep it. Gain 1 Unique
Item and move to the street. If you have more
than 2 Spells, nothing happens.

SBUILDING
A professor of the occult asks you to hold
a hideous statue that he believes to have
strange powers while he reads a scroll.
Energy shoots through your body. Make
a Luck (-1) check. If you pass, your spirit
rises from your body and you feel that you
have the power to switch bodies with
another investigator. You may choose
another investigator from the pile of unused
investigators and bring it into play as a
new character, discarding your current
investigator (along with all of his items,
skills, trophies, etc,). If you fail, nothing
happens.

SBUILDING
You find a student pounding on a strange
device that he has hooked up to massive
machinery. He states that it is a dimensional
beam machine. If you offer to help him,
make a Lore (-2) check. If you pass, beams
shoots out in all directions, disrupting the
gates open throughout the board. Roll a
die for each open gate one at a time. On a
success the gate is closed. However, you
may not take it as a trophy, but instead
return it to the pile of gate markers. If you
fail, the machinery overheats and explodes.
Roll a die and lose that much Stamina, then
move to St. Mary,s Hospital.


