GROUPB CELEANO    You wander endless rows of tablets, scrolls, and tomes. If you wish, you may spend 1 Sanity and 1 Stamina to make a Luck (+0) check. If you pass, you may search the Common Item. Unique Item, or Exhibit Item deck forany single Tome card and take that card.
GROUPB ABYSS      Something impossibly huge and ominous lurches across the horizon, Pass a Luck (-1) check or its gaze with eyes the size of planets fall upon you, and you lose 2 Sanity.
GROUPB ANOTHER    The stench of fecundity and blood surrounds you. A monster appears! If you do not evade it or defeat it on the first round of combat, it replicates, and you must evade or defeat a second one!
GROUPB CELEANO    The unwelcome are shown no mercy. Make a Lore (-1) check or you are expelled from the great library, where a monster surprises you.
GROUPB DREAMLANDS Humans are not the only creatures to dream. Make a Speed (-1) check. If you pass, a monster appears. If you fail, a monster surprises you.
GROUPB ANOTHER    Something followed you here...if there are any monsters in the same location as the gate you entered, they appear. If they are not defeated, they remain in their original location.
GROUPB ABYSS      A horrible scene capturers your gaze. Creatures that mortals would call angels and devils cavort together, their bodies and laughter mingling in an unholy fusion. If you join their dance, take both the Tainted card and the Anointed card.
GROUPB DREAMLANDS You stumble upon a nightmare, and must relive your past battles with horrible creatures. One of your monster trophies, chosen at random, returns to life and surprises you!
GROUPB ANOTHER    A scrap of paper flutters into your hands, with the words "this world was inhabited at one time by another race who, in practising black magic, lost their foothold and were expelled from the allegorical garden...." Lose. up to 2 Clue tokens due to this misleading information, if able.
GROUPB YUGGOTH    You peer through a strange machine of glass and stone, its lenses pointed toward the dark, sunless sky. There, impossibly far away, you behold the Earth. Gain 2 Clue tokens, but make a Will (-3) check or lose 1 Sanity. 
GROUPB ABYSS      You look into a pool of water and see someone! Choose another investigator and make a Will (-2) check. Successes: [0) He is drawn into the Abyss.] [1-2) You and he switch places.] [3+) You move to his location, and the gate through which you entered the Abyss is sealed.]
GROUPB ANOTHER    Make a Luck (-1) check. If you fail, a monster appears! If you pass, you may draw 2 monsters from the cup and choose which one appears.
GROUPB YUGGOTH    Make a Lore (-1) check to realize that you have come upon the "shining trapezohedron," and utter the proper protective spell. If you fail, lose 1 Sanity and set you Will slider to the lowest possible number.
GROUPB CELEANO    No sound is allowed in the great library but the rustling of pages and the whisper of thoughts. Make a Sneak (-2) check or you are delayed.
GROUPB ANOTHER    Make a Fight (+0) or Will (+0) check. If you pass, you push through the walls of fatigue and confusion and realize what must be done. You may seal the gate through which you entered, but only by sacrificing yourself. If you choose to seal the gate, you are devoured.
GROUPB DREAMLANDS If humans dream of monsters, do monsters dream of us? A monster surprises you, but seems terrified by your very humanity. Make a Will (-1) check. For each success you roll, you gain a +1 to all checks during this combat.
GROUPB YUGGOTH    Scuttling surrounds you in the dark as the creatures attack. Lose 1 Stamina. Altemafively, you may light a torch to drive them back and lose no Stamina, but upon seeing them, your mind recoils, and you lose 2 Sanity. 
GROUPB ANOTHER    You find the body of a long-dead explorer. Make a Luck (-2) check. For each success, you may draw and keep one card from the Common Item deck.

GROUPG GREATRACE  The conical beings here try to speak to you. Make a Lore (-2) check. If you fail. you are delayed. If you pass you learn that they are enemies of the Ancient Ones; gain 3 Clue token. 
GROUPG DREAMLANDS Have an encounter at a location of your choice in Arkham, then return here. If you wish, you may pass a Luck (-1) check to realize that it was all a dream, and negate any Sanity or Stamina loss as a result of that encounter.
GROUPG ANOTHER    The monster''s corpse lies before you, and to your horror, you find your mouth watering. If you consume it, make a Fight (-2) check. If you fail lose Stamina equal to the number of dice rolled. If you pass, gain Stamina equal to the number of dice rolled. 
GROUPG CELEANO    The book you are reading is a vacuous tome of oblivion, and it begins to suck you into its pages! Make a Fight (+1) check or you are devoured. Spells may be discarded as if they were Clue tokens for this check.
GROUPG GREATRACE  These beings knew of senses beyond the five you possess. If your maximum Sanity is higher than your maximum Stamina, take the Psychic card. If your maximum Stamina is higher than your maximum Sanity, take the Visions card.
GROUPG ANOTHER    You approach a tunnel only to feel a terrible tromping shake the ground from below...and then an unearthly screech rends the sky. Make a Sneak (-1) check. If you pass, 1 monster appears! If you fail, 2 monsters appear!
GROUPG CELEANO    You find a journal so compelling that its author seems to live in your mind! Make a Luck (+1) check. If you fail, lose 2 Sanity. If you pass, draw an Ally and place tokens on it equal to the number of successes rolled. Discard 1 token from it during each Upkeep Phase. If it has no tokens at the beginning of the Upkeep Phase, discard the Ally instead.
GROUPG DREAMLANDS A powerful wind scours away your memories, good and bad. Discard all of the following, Blessing, Curse, Detriment cards, and Benefit cards.
GROUPG ANOTHER    Pass a Speed (-2) check to jump the fissure. If you fail, lose 1 Stamina and you are delayed. 
GROUPG DREAMLANDS You find the corpses of a party of cultists. Make a Fight (-1) check to drag their bodies from the pit. If you pass, take a number of Cultists as trophies from the monster cup equal to the number of successes you rolled.
GROUPG PLATLENG   A captive has been bound to a pole above the natives'' cooking fire. If you want to try to free him, make a Fight (-3) check. If you fail, lose 2 Stamina. if you pass, draw an Ally.
GROUPG ANOTHER    A man in a coat and hat takes your arm, and you find yourself leading the shadowy presence forward. All the reward you seem to need is his reassurance...perhaps you are being mystically controlled, but it's hard to care. Gain 1 Sanity, but take the Local Guide card.
GROUPG PLATLENG   The primitives are entranced by your equipment. You must discard one Common hem worth at least S2 or lose 3 Stamina. If you pass a Will (+0) check, you convince them to give you their idol in exchange: You may search the Unique Item deck for the Obsidian Statue and take it. 
GROUPG CELEANO    Words are the nourishment of the mind. You lose 1 Stamina, but make a Speed (-1) check. If you pass, gain 2 Sanity.
GROUPG ANOTHER    A dark ocean laps at your feet, and you see the gables of old-fashioned buildings across the water. Could that be Innsmouth? Your Luck slider is reset to the lowest possible number, but you gain 1 Clue token.
GROUPG GREATRACE  They''ve been collecting people! Make a Lore (-2) |2| cheek to determine how to release the victims. If you pass, you may search the Ally deck and take any Ally of your choice. If you fail, you are taken captive yourself, and are delayed.
GROUPG PLATLENG   The icy winds tear at your flesh, and the plains seem endless. Pass a Fight (-1) check or lose 1 Stamina and Pass a Will (-1) check or lose 1 Sanity. If Ithaqua is the Ancient One the modifiers for these rolls are both reduced to -3.
GROUPG ANOTHER    A strange song conjures up images of a life you could have lived. Gain Clue tokens equal to your focus.

GROUPR PLATLENG   From these alien heights, everything seems so clear...gain 1 Clue token, then pass a Will (+1) check to snap out of your reverie and descend to a safe elevation. If you fail, lose 1 Stamina and continue making the check until you pass or are knocked unconscious. Each cheek after the first, the modifier decreases by one (0 on the second check, -1 on the third, and so on).
GROUPR DREAMLANDS It's lovely hero and perfect...so perfect you might stay forever. Make a Will (+3) check. If you pass, gain 2 Sanity, If you fail, you are devoured.
GROUPR ANOTHER    It was a diabolical trap, you suddenly realize...now that you're inside it! Make a Lore (-1) check or you are delayed.
GROUPR PLATLENG   Through the haze and mist, you make out human forms and hurry toward them, seeking rescue. Make a Luck (-2) check. If you pass, they are an expedition from Miskatonic U. Gain 1 Stamina and 1 Sanity and return to Arkham. If you fail, they lower their hoods and remove their goggles, revealing themselves as something other than human! Lose 2 Sanity.
GROUPR ABYSS      This place is alive with malevolent intent. It likes it when you inflict pain upon yourself. Discard any amount of Stamina, all at once; for each Stamina token you discarded, pass a Will (-1) check to gain 2 Clue tokens.
GROUPR ANOTHER    A monster appears!
GROUPR ABYSS      The faces of those you have failed erupt from the earth around you, accusing, pleading, hating. Pass a Lore (-1)|2| check to take the Psychic card. If you roll only 1 success, you musttake either the Tainted or Harried card, and if you roll no successes, you must take both the Harried and Tainted cards.
GROUPR DREAMLANDS From this strange mindscape you can see into the dreams of sleeping in Arkham. Make a Speed (-1) check. If you pass, you catch the delicate wisps of their thoughts, and gain 2 Clue tokens. If you fail, their slumbering minds lash out at you, and you lose 2 Sanity. 
GROUPR ANOTHER    What was that!? Make a Sneak (+3) check or you will find out as you are devoured by it.
GROUPR RLYEH      A miracle! A boat appears, hailing from the nearby island of Ponape. Pass a Will (-3) check to convince them to take you back to the normal world. If you pass, immediately return Arkham.
GROUPR PLATLENG   Whether you are still on earth or not is impossible to say...it may be the wind that threatens to sweep you into the sky, or it might be a lack or gravity! Make a Fight (+0) check or your are lost in time and space.
GROUPR ANOTHER    You can hear it breathing...make a Will (-1) check lf fail, you scream in terror, giving yourself away. Lose 1 Sanity and 2 Stamina.
GROUPR RLYEH      Something horrid and vast. a creature all of green and tentacles yet horribly human, lies in state in the mausoleum before you. Creatures cast from the same mold, yet merely man-sized, swarm over it in the hundreds. Gain 2 Clue tokens and lose 2 Sanity, then pass a Sneak (-1) check. If you fail, a monster appears!
GROUPR ABYSS      This place seduces you into madness with hints of escape. Discard any amount of Sanity, all at once, for each Sanity token you discarded, pass a Fight (-1) check to gain 2 Clue tokens.
GROUPR ANOTHER    The chess game with the strange serpent seems to go on for days. Pass a Lore (+2) check to gain $1 for each success you roll. If you fail, you are delayed.
GROUPR RLYEH      As you stumble across this inhuman isle, you feel a rumbling beneath your feet. It has begun to sink beneath the waves! Pass a Speed (-2) check or you are lost in time and space. If you pass, immediately return to Arkham.
GROUPR DREAMLANDS You come upon the borderlands. Pass a Luck (-2) check to gain 1 Stamina and 1 Sanity and return to Arkham. If you fail, move to the Plateau of Leng and your turn ends.
GROUPR ANOTHER    The mad scientist cackles as he pulls down on the lever of his machine. Pass a Speed (+1) check to reach the giant gem that powers it in time and gain $4. If you fail, you are thrown through a portal. Draw a Gate card. move to the Other World listed first, and have another encounter there.

GROUPY RLYEH      The child is wracked with pain and begins to mutate. Pass a Speed (-1) check to gain Sanity equal to the number of successes rolled. If you fail, a monster surprises you and you suffer -2 to all Horror checks against it!
GROUPY YUGGOTH    "Help me!" The voice comes from a cylinder containing a human brain! You may search the Skill deck for the Lore card. If you take it, you lose 2 Sanity. 
GROUPY ANOTHER    The cultists thrust you forward, and the God of the Bloody Tongue surprises you! You gain a +1 to all skill checks against this monster for each Unique Item or Exhibit Item you have.
GROUPY GREATRACE  A monster erupts from the ground and surprises you! You suffer a -2 to all checks against this monster, but you may discard Spells during this combat as if they were Clue tokens.
GROUPY RLYEH      The bodies of the drowned clutch at your ankles. Make a Speed (-2) check or lose 1 Stamina. 
GROUPY ANOTHER    The Bloated Woman makes you an offer. Lose 1 Sanity, then you may discard any amount of money, all at once, then draw a number of cards from the Unique Item deck equal to the total amount of money discarded. You may take one card from among those drawn with a value equal to or less than the amount of money discarded, then discard the rest.
GROUPY GREATRACE  Strange instruments of metal and glass surround you. Make a Will (-1) check. If you fail, you are delayed. If you pass, you may discard any number of Clue tokens, all at once, then draw a number of cards from the Unique Item or Exhibit Item deck equal to the total number of Clue tokens discarded. You may take one card from among those drawn, then discard the rest.
GROUPY DREAMLANDS Have an encounter at a location of your choice in Arkham, then return to the Dreamlands.
GROUPY ANOTHER    The Black Man lays his book before you. If you wish to open the book, pass a Luck (-2) check to gain 5 Clue tokens. If you fail, you are devoured.
GROUPY YUGGOTH    The Mi-Go offer immortality...of a sort. If you accept, you are devoured, except that you keep all of your Spells, Skills, and Clue tokens, to be used with your next investigator. Then close and seal a gate to Yuggoth, if one is open.
GROUPY GREATRACE  You may take 1 Spell, but must pass a Will (-1) check or lose 1 Sanity.
GROUPY ANOTHER    Nephren-Ka places your soul upon the Balance of Thoth, and finds you lacking. First discard Stamina or Sanity, whichever is higher, until your Stamina and Sanity are equal. Then you are surprised by a monster. If you defeat it, you may draw 1 Exhibit Item.
GROUPY DREAMLANDS All things of which humanity dreams are here. Pass a Luck (+0) check to gain S1 per success rolled. If you fail, lose 1 Sanity.
GROUPY RLYEH      You find a humaYou find a human corpse...which then sits up! Make a Lore (+1) check. If you V. fail, lose 2 Sanity. If you pass, you realize that it is a zombie and may draw an Ally. Place tokens on it equal to the number of successes rolled. Discard 1 token from it during each Upkeep Phase. If it has no tokens at the beginning of the Upkeep Phase, discard the Ally instead.n corpse...which then sits up! Make a Lore (+1) check. If you V. fail, lose 2 Sanity. If you pass, you realize that it is a zombie and may draw an Ally. Place tokens on it equal to the number of successes rolled. Discard 1 token from it during each Upkeep Phase. If it has no tokens at the beginning of the Upkeep Phase, diseard the Ally instead.
GROUPY ANOTHER    You inadvertently summon the Haunter of the Dark to carry you through the void.You must lose Sanity equal to your current Stamina, or Stamina equal to your current Sanity, but gain 2 Clue tokens for each monster in the Sky.
GROUPY DREAMLANDS Make a Will (-1) check. If you pass, you view the dreams around you with an objective eye: Gain 2 Clue tokens. If you fail, the dreams we not so easily forgotten: Take the Harried card.
GROUPY YUGGOTH    You are swept away by a river of some dark substance. Make a Fight (-1) check or you are lost in time and space.
GROUPY ANOTHER    "Mr. Skin's the name, investigatin''s my game," he says. with a friendly smile. But there''s something about him that makes you feel like a helpless child before a ravenous beast. If you agree to let him come along, his form and face seem to shift...you may take any Ally of your choice, but you lose 2 Stamina and 2 Sanity.

GROUPB YUGGOTH   You must immediately fight Shug-Niggurath! Since there is only one player in this combat, you need one success to remove a doom token. If you run out of monster trophies, you are devoured. If you defeat Shub-Niggurath, she retreats into the void and you may escape to Arkham immediately. The gate to Yuggoth is sealed behind you, and you may take it as a trophy. If Shub-Niggurath is the Ancient One in play, do not fill up her doom track before this combat; also, successes allow you to temporarily flip over doom tokens to their elder sign sides instead of removing them. Once the battle is over, regardless of the outcome, flip all the tokens on Shub-Niggurath''s doom track back to their doom token side and continue play.
GROUPB ANOTHER   A monster appears!
GROUPY YUGGOTH   You must immediately fight Shug-Niggurath! Since there is only one player in this combat, you need one success to remove a doom token. If you run out of monster trophies, you are devoured. If you defeat Shub-Niggurath, she retreats into the void and you may escape to Arkham immediately. The gate to Yuggoth is sealed behind you, and you may take it as a trophy. If Shub-Niggurath is the Ancient One in play, do not fill up her doom track before this combat; also, successes allow you to temporarily flip over doom tokens to their elder sign sides instead of removing them. Once the battle is over, regardless of the outcome, flip all the tokens on Shub-Niggurath''s doom track back to their doom token side and continue play.
GROUPY ANOTHER   A monster appears!

GROUPR  RLYEH     You must immediately fight Cthulhu! Since there is only one player in this combat, you need one success to remove a doom token. If you reach 0 Sanity or 0 Stamina, you are devoured. If you defeat Cthulhu, he retreats back into slumber and you may escape to Arkham immediately. The gate to R''lyeh is sealed behind you, and you may take it as a trophy. If Cthulhu is the Ancient One in play, do not fill up his doom track before this combat; also, successes allow you to temporarily flip over doom tokens to their elder sign sides instead of removing them. Once the battle is over, regardless of the outcome, flip all the tokens on Cthulhu''s doom track back to their doom token side and continue play.
GROUPR  ANOTHER   A monster appears!
GROUPY  RLYEH     You must immediately fight Cthulhu! Since there is only one player in this combat, you need one success to remove a doom token. If you reach 0 Sanity or 0 Stamina, you are devoured. If you defeat Cthulhu, he retreats back into slumber and you may escape to Arkham immediately. The gate to R''lyeh is sealed behind you, and you may take it as a trophy. If Cthulhu is the Ancient One in play, do not fill up his doom track before this combat; also, successes allow you to temporarily flip over doom tokens to their elder sign sides instead of removing them. Once the battle is over, regardless of the outcome, flip all the tokens on Cthulhu''s doom track back to their doom token side and continue play.
GROUPY  ANOTHER   A monster appears!

GROUPR PLATLENG  You must immediately fight Ithaqua! Since there is only one player in this combat, you need one success to remove a doom token. If you reach  0 Stamina, you are devoured. If you defeat Ithaqua, he disperses into icy wind and you may escape to Arkham immediately. The gate to Plateua of Leng is sealed behind you, and you may take it as a trophy. If Ithaqua is the Ancient One in play, do not fill up his doom track before this combat; also, successes allow you to temporarily flip over doom tokens to their elder sign sides instead of removing them. Once the battle is over, regardless of the outcome, flip all the tokens on Ithaqua''s doom track back to their doom token side and continue play.
GROUPR ANOther   A monster appears!
GROUPG PLATLENG  You must immediately fight Ithaqua! Since there is only one player in this combat, you need one success to remove a doom token. If you reach  0 Stamina, you are devoured. If you defeat Ithaqua, he disperses into icy wind and you may escape to Arkham immediately. The gate to Plateua of Leng is sealed behind you, and you may take it as a trophy. If Ithaqua is the Ancient One in play, do not fill up his doom track before this combat; also, successes allow you to temporarily flip over doom tokens to their elder sign sides instead of removing them. Once the battle is over, regardless of the outcome, flip all the tokens on Ithaqua''s doom track back to their doom token side and continue play.
GROUPG ANOther   A monster appears!

